Docs(repeat): Added repeat function description (#7521)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/functions/string_functions.md

└───────────────────────┘
```

## repeat {#repeat}

Repeats a string as many times as specified and concatenates the replicated values as a single string.

**Syntax**

```sql
repeat(s, n)
```

**Parameters**

- `s` — The string to repeat. [String](../../data_types/string.md).
- `n` — The number of times to repeat the string. [UInt](../../data_types/int_uint.md).

**Returned value**

> The single string, which contains the string  `s` repeated `n` times. If `n` < 1, the function returns empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The single string, which contains the string  `s` repeated `n` times. If `n` is zero, the function returns empty string.
```
